Migration information to migrate google maps to Bing Maps (#227)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/getting-started/google-maps-to-bing-maps-migration-guide/Google-Maps-to-Bing-Maps-Migration-Guide.md

---
title: Migrating Google Maps to Bing Maps
titleSuffix: Bing Maps
description: "Learn about migrating Google Maps to Bing Maps."
author: stevemunk
ms.author: v-munksteve
ms.date: 05/17/2022
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.service: bing-maps
services: bing-maps
---

# Migrating Google Maps to Bing Maps

This article provides the information you need to migrate an application built using the Google Maps V3 JavaScript API to a Bing Maps application, built using the Bing Maps V8 web control API. This includes a suggested migration plan, useful tools and support, migration code examples, API class mapping along with other tips to help ensure a successful migration.

**Why Migrate?**

> If you are still evaluating Bing Maps to determine if you should migrate, you may find the following information helpful:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are evaluating Bing Maps to determine if you should migrate, you may find the following information helpful:
```

- [Why Bing Maps?](why-bing-maps.md)
- [Key features in Bing Maps](key-features-in-bing-maps.md)

## Migration Plan

This section provides you with a suggested migration plan to help you plan your migration. The following steps are intended as a starting point that you can use to plan the migration of your Google Maps V3 JavaScript application to Bing Maps V8. Your final plan will need to take into account the specifics of your application.

1. Create a Bing Maps account at the [Bing Maps Dev Center](https://www.bingmapsportal.com/).
   You can find more information about creating a Bing Maps account in the [Microsoft
   Docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/bingmaps/getting-started/bing-maps-dev-center-help/creating-a-bing-maps-account).

1. Create a Bing Maps key.

    a.  We invite you to use the "basic" key type and free use terms
        outlined in the [Bing Maps Terms of Use] (https://www.microsoft.com/maps/product)
        (TOU) as you migrate to Bing Maps. Production applications outside the free
        use thresholds in the TOU will need a Bing Maps Enterprise
        account. For assistance with Bing Maps licensing, please contact

>         <maplic@microsoft.com> (North/South America) or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <maplic@microsoft.com> (the Americas) or
```

>         <mapemea@microsoft.com> (rest of world).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <mapemea@microsoft.com> (Europe, Middle East, Africa, Asia and Australia).
```

## Useful Tools & Support

Here are some great tools that can be used to make your migration to
Bing Maps easy.

### Migration Support

#### Technical support

If you are a licensed Bing Maps Enterprise Customer, you can contact the
Bing Maps Enterprise support team for assistance with any technical
issue you have. They are available by email during EU and NA business
hours. You can find contact details for the support team at
[Bing Maps support](https://www.microsoft.com/maps/support).

#### Developer Forums

The Bing Maps developer forums is also a good place to find migration assistance,
especially if you are not an Enterprise customer with access to the Enterprise
Support team. The Bing Maps developer forums are regularly monitored by community
developers and by members of the Bing Maps team. You can find and ask questions
in [Microsoft Q&A](https://docs.microsoft.com/answers/products/).

#### Licensing Queries

If you have licensing-related questions you should take them to your
Bing Maps account manager if you know who they are. If not, you can send
queries to the Bing Maps licensing team, and they will assist. For

> queries inside of North or South America, you can contact them at

Reviewer: ```suggestion
queries inside the Americas, you can contact them at
```
